exporters: prometheus: use a sync.Pool instead of allocating metrics in collect. (#6472)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

  This allows metrics names to keep original delimiters (e.g. `.`), rather than replacing with underscores.
  This can be reverted by setting `github.com/prometheus/common/model.NameValidationScheme` to `LegacyValidation` in `github.com/prometheus/common/model`. (#6433)
- Initialize map with `len(keys)` in `NewAllowKeysFilter` and `NewDenyKeysFilter` to avoid unnecessary allocations in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/attribute`. (#6455)

> - Use a `sync.Pool` instead of allocating `metrics` in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/prometheus`. (#6472)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use a `sync.Pool` instead of allocating `metricdata.ResourceMetrics` in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/prometheus`. (#6472)
```
